Readme.md, before:

# Beer Sheva companies


*hello content to fill*

## The list

Company                                                                   | Business/products                              | Tech stack/skills                              | Recruiting  | Job page & other links
-------------------------------------------------                         | -----------------------------                  | ----------------------------                   | ------------| ----------------------
[2bPrecise](https://2bprecisehealth.com/)                                 |  Precision Medicine                            | Java, MongoDB                                  | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://2bprecisehealth.com/join-the-team/) , [Linkedin jobs](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=2209212831&keywords=allscripts&originalSubdomain=il)
[Audio codes](https://www.audiocodes.com/)                                | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.audiocodes.com/careers/positions?countryGroup=Israel)
[Configo - Provesource](https://provesrc.com)                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://provesrc.com/career/)
[Dalet](https://www.dalet.com/)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://jobs.dalet.com/)
[DBmotion / Allscripts](https://www.allscripts.com/solution/dbmotion/)    | Medical Information Systems                    | .net , SQL                                     | ✗           | 
[Dell-emc](https://www.delltechnologies.com/)                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://jobs.dell.com/search-jobs/Beersheba%2C%20Israel/375/4/294640-294952-295530/31x25181/34x7913/50/2)
[DIA imaging analysis](https://www.dia-analysis.com/)                     | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.dia-analysis.com/careers)
[ECI](https://www.ecitele.com/)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://career.ecitele.com/Careers/)
[Elbit](https://elbitsystems.com/)                                        | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://elbitsystemscareer.com/index.php?option=com_hunter&view=searchresults&hunter-search-regions[0]=7&hunter-search-btn=%D7%97%D7%A4%D7%A9/%D7%99&Itemid=205&lang=%D7%A2%D7%91)
[Emalogic](http://www.emalogic.com/)                                      | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/2209419814/?refId=2521931271603818847822&trackingId=HdMybtxeQINtc8T9zSdMLg%3D%3D)
[IBM](https://www.research.ibm.com/haifa/ccoe/index.shtml)                | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.research.ibm.com/haifa/ccoe/cyber.shtml)
[leidos](https://www.leidos.com/)                                         | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard:
[lexisnexis](https://www.lexisnexis.com/en-us/gateway.page)               | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard:
[Mastercard](https://www.mastercard.co.il/)                               | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://mastercard.jobs/jobs/?location=Be%27er+Sheva)
[Md clone](https://www.mdclone.com/)                                      | Medical Information Systems                    | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.mdclone.com/careers)
[Mobbo](https://www.mobbo.com/)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.negevjobs.co.il/find/index/e/940)
[Morphisec](https://www.morphisec.com/)                                   | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.morphisec.com/careers)
[Ness](https://www.ness-tech.co.il/)                                      | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.ness-tech.co.il/careers/recruit)
[Ngsoft](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Nvidia](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[opswat](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/)                                         | Essbase (OLAP Cube) Development                | SQL,C,C++,Java and more                        | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.oracle.com/corporate/careers/)
[pento](site)                                                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[RADA](https://www.rada.com/)                                             | Defence                                        | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.comeet.com/jobs/rada/73.009)
[Rafael](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Retama](site)                                                            | Software solutions for business optimization   | Spring Boot, Angular, PHP, Microservices       | ✗           | 
[Sigmabit](site)                                                          | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Siraj](site)                                                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Site123](https://site123.com) a.k.a Livecity                             | Websites DIY platform                          | PHP                                            | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Soft And Hard prototype](site)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Tap Mobile](https://tap.pm)                                              | Creating Hit Utilities For Mobile              | NodeJS                                         | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://tap.pm/jobs/)
[Voyager Labs](https://voyagerlabs.co/)                                   | AI-Driven Human Relationship Analysis          | Java, Kotlin,Python,Machine Learning and more..| ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://voyagerlabs.co/careers/co/southern-israel/all/)
[Web media group](site)                                                   | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Wix](https://www.wix.com/)                                               | Websites DIY platform                          | React, Scala and othter Web tech.              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.wix.com/jobs/locations/beer-sheva)
[RAD](https://www.rad.com/)                                               | Networks                                       | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()

Commit message:

Add note: Please keep the list in alphabetical order. Fix list order

Readme.md, after:

# Beer Sheva companies


*hello content to fill*

## The list

Company                                                                   | Business/products                              | Tech stack/skills                              | Recruiting  | Job page & other links
-------------------------------------------------                         | -----------------------------                  | ----------------------------                   | ------------| ----------------------
[2bPrecise](https://2bprecisehealth.com/)                                 |  Precision Medicine                            | Java, MongoDB                                  | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://2bprecisehealth.com/join-the-team/) , [Linkedin jobs](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=2209212831&keywords=allscripts&originalSubdomain=il)
[Audio codes](https://www.audiocodes.com/)                                | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.audiocodes.com/careers/positions?countryGroup=Israel)
[Configo - Provesource](https://provesrc.com)                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://provesrc.com/career/)
[Dalet](https://www.dalet.com/)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://jobs.dalet.com/)
[DBmotion / Allscripts](https://www.allscripts.com/solution/dbmotion/)    | Medical Information Systems                    | .net , SQL                                     | ✗           | 
[Dell-emc](https://www.delltechnologies.com/)                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://jobs.dell.com/search-jobs/Beersheba%2C%20Israel/375/4/294640-294952-295530/31x25181/34x7913/50/2)
[DIA imaging analysis](https://www.dia-analysis.com/)                     | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.dia-analysis.com/careers)
[ECI](https://www.ecitele.com/)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://career.ecitele.com/Careers/)
[Elbit](https://elbitsystems.com/)                                        | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://elbitsystemscareer.com/index.php?option=com_hunter&view=searchresults&hunter-search-regions[0]=7&hunter-search-btn=%D7%97%D7%A4%D7%A9/%D7%99&Itemid=205&lang=%D7%A2%D7%91)
[Emalogic](http://www.emalogic.com/)                                      | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/2209419814/?refId=2521931271603818847822&trackingId=HdMybtxeQINtc8T9zSdMLg%3D%3D)
[IBM](https://www.research.ibm.com/haifa/ccoe/index.shtml)                | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.research.ibm.com/haifa/ccoe/cyber.shtml)
[leidos](https://www.leidos.com/)                                         | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard:
[lexisnexis](https://www.lexisnexis.com/en-us/gateway.page)               | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard:
[Mastercard](https://www.mastercard.co.il/)                               | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://mastercard.jobs/jobs/?location=Be%27er+Sheva)
[Md clone](https://www.mdclone.com/)                                      | Medical Information Systems                    | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.mdclone.com/careers)
[Mobbo](https://www.mobbo.com/)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.negevjobs.co.il/find/index/e/940)
[Morphisec](https://www.morphisec.com/)                                   | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.morphisec.com/careers)
[Ness](https://www.ness-tech.co.il/)                                      | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.ness-tech.co.il/careers/recruit)
[Ngsoft](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Nvidia](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[opswat](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/)                                         | Essbase (OLAP Cube) Development                | SQL,C,C++,Java and more                        | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.oracle.com/corporate/careers/)
[pento](site)                                                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[RAD](https://www.rad.com/)                                               | Networks                                       | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[RADA](https://www.rada.com/)                                             | Defence                                        | *Need to fill in*                              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.comeet.com/jobs/rada/73.009)
[Rafael](site)                                                            | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Retama](site)                                                            | Software solutions for business optimization   | Spring Boot, Angular, PHP, Microservices       | ✗           | 
[Sigmabit](site)                                                          | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Siraj](site)                                                             | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Site123](https://site123.com) a.k.a Livecity                             | Websites DIY platform                          | PHP                                            | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Soft And Hard prototype](site)                                           | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Tap Mobile](https://tap.pm)                                              | Creating Hit Utilities For Mobile              | NodeJS                                         | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://tap.pm/jobs/)
[Voyager Labs](https://voyagerlabs.co/)                                   | AI-Driven Human Relationship Analysis          | Java, Kotlin,Python,Machine Learning and more..| ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://voyagerlabs.co/careers/co/southern-israel/all/)
[Web media group](site)                                                   | *Need to fill in*                              | *Need to fill in*                              | ✗           | :keyboard: [Jobs]()
[Wix](https://www.wix.com/)                                               | Websites DIY platform                          | React, Scala and othter Web tech.              | ✓           | :keyboard: [Jobs](https://www.wix.com/jobs/locations/beer-sheva)



*Notes*
	* Please keep the list in alphabetical order.
